local DiscordLib = loadstring(game:HttpGet"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dawid-scripts/UI-Libs/main/discord%20lib.txt")()

local win = DiscordLib:Window("discord library")

local serv = win:Server("Menu", "")
local tgls = serv:Channel("Player")
tgls:Toggle("Auto Swing Toogle",false, function(bool)
      if bool then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
			while _G.loop4 do
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("OnFightAttributeChange"):FireServer("AutoTrain",true)
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("SettingEventRS"):FireServer("AutoTrainer",true)
				task.wait(0.1) -- Adjust the wait time as needed
			end
      else
         -- Stop the loop
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
		print(bool)
	end)
tgls:Toggle("Auto World Boss Toogle",false, function(bool)
      if bool then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
			while _G.loop4 do
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("StartAutoFight"):FireServer()
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("StartAutoFight"):FireServer("MegaBoss","Dragon8","Hard")
				local args = {1}
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(unpack(args))
				task.wait(0.1) -- Adjust the wait time as needed
			end
      else
         -- Stop the loop
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
		print(bool)
	end)
tgls:Toggle("Auto World Boss Toogle",false, function(bool)
      if bool then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
			while _G.loop4 do
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("StartAutoFight"):FireServer()
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("StartAutoFight"):FireServer("MegaBoss","Dragon8","Normal")
				local args = {1}
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(unpack(args))
				task.wait(0.1) -- Adjust the wait time as needed
			end
      else
         -- Stop the loop
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
		print(bool)
	end)
tgls:Toggle("Auto World Boss Toogle",false, function(bool)
      if bool then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
			while _G.loop4 do
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("StartAutoFight"):FireServer()
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("StartAutoFight"):FireServer("MegaBoss","Dragon7","Chaos")
				local args = {1}
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(unpack(args))
				task.wait(0.1) -- Adjust the wait time as needed
			end
      else
         -- Stop the loop
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
		print(bool)
	end)	
tgls:Toggle("Auto World Event Toogle",false, function(bool)
      if bool then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
			while _G.loop4 do
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("StartAutoFight"):FireServer()
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("StartAutoFight"):FireServer("MegaBoss","Dragon-151","Normal")
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("StartAutoFight"):FireServer("Mobs","Dragon-151")
				local args = {1}
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(unpack(args))				
				task.wait(0.1) -- Adjust the wait time as needed
			end
      else
         -- Stop the loop
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
		print(bool)
	end)
tgls:Toggle("Auto World Event Toogle",false, function(bool)
      if bool then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
			while _G.loop4 do
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("StartAutoFight"):FireServer()
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("StartAutoFight"):FireServer("MegaBoss","Dragon-151","Normal")
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("StartAutoFight"):FireServer("Mobs","Dragon-151")
				local args = {1}
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(unpack(args))				
				task.wait(0.1) -- Adjust the wait time as needed
			end
      else
         -- Stop the loop
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
		print(bool)
	end)	
tgls:Toggle("Auto Swing",true, function(bool)
      if bool then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
			while _G.loop4 do
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("ClickEvent"):FireServer()
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("Dungeon"):WaitForChild("OnDungeonClick"):FireServer()
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("ClickEvent"):FireServer()
				task.wait() -- Adjust the wait time as needed
			end
      else
         -- Stop the loop
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
		print(bool)
	end)
tgls:Toggle("Auto Claim Spin",false, function(bool)
      if bool then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
			while _G.loop4 do
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("GameClient"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoteEvent"):WaitForChild("SpaceEggEvent"):FireServer()
	                        game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("GetCreditsEvent"):FireServer()
				task.wait() -- Adjust the wait time as needed
			end
      else
         -- Stop the loop
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
		print(bool)
	end)
tgls:Toggle("Auto Buy Potion",false, function(bool)
      if bool then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
			while _G.loop4 do
				local args = {"Buy",2,1}
                game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("OnStandartShopRequest"):FireServer(unpack(args))
                local args = {"Buy",2,2}
                game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("OnStandartShopRequest"):FireServer(unpack(args))
                local args = {"Buy",2,3}
                game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("OnStandartShopRequest"):FireServer(unpack(args))
                local args = {"Buy",2,4}
                game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("OnStandartShopRequest"):FireServer(unpack(args))
				task.wait(60) -- Adjust the wait time as needed
			end
      else
         -- Stop the loop
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
		print(bool)
	end)
tgls:Toggle("Auto Rebirth and Super Rebirth",false, function(bool)
      if bool then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
			while _G.loop4 do
				game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("GameClient"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoteEvent"):WaitForChild("RebirthEvent"):FireServer()
                game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("GameClient"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoteEvent"):WaitForChild("SuperRebirthEvent"):FireServer()
				task.wait() -- Adjust the wait time as needed
			end
      else
         -- Stop the loop
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
		print(bool)
	end)
local serv = win:Server("World Boss", "")
local tgls = serv:Channel("Brick Kong")
tgls:Toggle("Normal",false, function(CurrentValue)
      if CurrentValue then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
         while _G.loop4 do
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(1)
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("WinMegaBossEvent"):FireServer("Dragon8","Normal")
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(0)
task.wait(0.1) 
         end
      else
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
print(CurrentValue)
end)
tgls:Toggle("Hard",false, function(CurrentValue)
      if CurrentValue then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
         while _G.loop4 do
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(1)
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("WinMegaBossEvent"):FireServer("Dragon8","Hard")
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(0)
task.wait() 
         end
      else
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
print(CurrentValue)
end)
tgls:Toggle("Chaos",false, function(CurrentValue)
      if CurrentValue then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
         while _G.loop4 do
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(1)
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("WinMegaBossEvent"):FireServer("Dragon8","Chaos")
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(0)
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(1)
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("EventFolder"):WaitForChild("WinBossEvent"):FireServer("Dragon-151","Normal")
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(0)
task.wait() 
         end
      else
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
print(CurrentValue)
end)

local tgls = serv:Channel("Hydra")
tgls:Toggle("Normal",false, function(CurrentValue)
      if CurrentValue then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
         while _G.loop4 do
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(1)
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("WinMegaBossEvent"):FireServer("Dragon9","Normal")
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(0)
task.wait(0.1) 
         end
      else
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
print(CurrentValue)
end)
tgls:Toggle("Hard",false, function(CurrentValue)
      if CurrentValue then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
         while _G.loop4 do
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(1)
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("WinMegaBossEvent"):FireServer("Dragon9","Hard")
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(0)
task.wait(0.1) 
         end
      else
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
print(CurrentValue)
end)
tgls:Toggle("Chaos",false, function(CurrentValue)
      if CurrentValue then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
         while _G.loop4 do
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(1)
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("WinMegaBossEvent"):FireServer("Dragon9","Chaos")
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(0)
task.wait(0.1) 
         end
      else
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
print(CurrentValue)
end)
local tgls = serv:Channel("Boss Stage")
tgls:Toggle("Vortex",false, function(CurrentValue)
      if CurrentValue then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
         while _G.loop4 do
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(1)
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("WinBossEvent"):FireServer("Boss8")
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(0)
task.wait(0.1) 
         end
      else
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
print(CurrentValue)
end)
local serv = win:Server("Event Battle", "")
local tgls = serv:Channel("Event Boss")
tgls:Toggle("Magma dragon",false, function(CurrentValue)
      if CurrentValue then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
         while _G.loop4 do
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(1)
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("EventFolder"):WaitForChild("WinBossEvent"):FireServer("Dragon-151","Normal")
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(0)
task.wait() 
         end
      else
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
print(CurrentValue)
end)
tgls:Toggle("Dark Prince",false, function(CurrentValue)
      if CurrentValue then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
         while _G.loop4 do
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(1)
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("EventFolder"):WaitForChild("WinBossEvent"):FireServer("Boss-150")
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(0)
task.wait(5) 
         end
      else
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
print(CurrentValue)
end)
tgls:Toggle("Demon Lord",false, function(CurrentValue)
      if CurrentValue then
         -- Start the loop
         _G.loop4 = true
         while _G.loop4 do
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(1)
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("EventFolder"):WaitForChild("WinBossEvent"):FireServer("Boss-151")
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage"):WaitForChild("Remotes"):WaitForChild("Events"):WaitForChild("RemoveC"):FireServer(0)
task.wait(5) 
         end
      else
         _G.loop4 = false
      end
print(CurrentValue)
end)	
local btns = serv:Channel("Other")
btns:Seperator()
btns:Button("Anti AFK", function()
loadstring(game:HttpGet(('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Proxylol/OtherScripts/main/AntiAfk.lua'),true))()
DiscordLib:Notification("Notification", "Anti AFK Running!", "Okay!")
end)
